hey guys brette here connecting from ub
central and today so much Rainbow six
siege content has appeared on the
Internet
so first things first if you missed the
closed alpha gameplay trailer there will
be a link in the description below in
addition to that I also uploaded a
30-minute gameplay video of the Alpha so
if you're interested in either one of
those again a link will be in the
description below now on to the news
Ubisoft has revealed the Rainbow six
siege collector's edition also being
referred to as the art of siege the pack
will include a copy of the game a
collector's box gold skins for all
in-game weapons and a 120 page tactical
guide offering information on everything
Rainbow six siege with that said Ubisoft
as stated if you buy a physical copy
from you play you will also get a
numbered steelbook as well keep in mind
though everyone who pre-orders the
physical or digital versions of the game
will get guaranteed access to the closed
beta and last but not least the Rainbow
six siege box art has been revealed
honestly I personally like this cover I
mean it's been my desktop wallpaper for
months now but let me know what you guys
think of it in the comments down below
before I go I just want to mention my
primp lab and I started up a new channel
called EA central so if you're
interested in any upcoming EA titles I'd
really appreciate it if you gave the
channel a chance as always though to
stay up to date on everything Ubisoft
make sure to subscribe right here on UV
central
you